zklogin docs clarifications (#13808)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/zk_login.md

User salt is used when computing the zkLogin Sui address (see [definition](#address-definition)). There are several options for the application to maintain the user salt:
1. Client Side:

>    - Request user input for the salt during wallet access, transferring the responsibility to the user, who must then remember it.

Reviewer: I think these docs should avoid the use of the term "wallet" unless they are describing the piece of software (e.g., browser plugin) that manages keys.

Traditional private key wallets demand users to consistently recall mnemonics and passphrases, necessitating secure storage to prevent fund loss from private key compromise.

> On the other hand, a zkLogin wallet only requires an ephemeral private key storage with session expiry and the OAuth login flow with expiry. Forgetting ephemeral keys alone does not result in loss of funds, because a user can always sign in again to generate a new ephemeral key and a new ZK proof.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, a zkLogin wallet only requires an ephemeral private key storage with session expiry and the OAuth login flow with expiry. Forgetting ephemeral keys does not result in loss of funds, because a user can always sign in again to generate a new ephemeral key and a new ZK proof.
```

## How is zkLogin different from MPC or Multisig wallets?

Multi-Party Computation (MPC) and Multisig wallets rely on multiple keys or distributing multiple key shares and then defining a threshold value for accepting a signature.

zkLogin does not split any individual private keys, but ephemeral private keys are registered using a fresh nonce when the user authenticates with the OAuth provider. The primary advantage of zkLogin is that the user does not need to manage any persistent private key anywhere, not even with any private keys management techniques like MPC or Multisig.

> Interestingly though, a zkLogin address automatically simulates a 2-of-2 setting, where the first part is user's OAuth account and the second is user's salt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 You can think of zkLogin as a 2FA scheme for an address, where the first part is user's OAuth account and the second is the user's salt.
```

Furthermore, because Sui native supports Multisig wallets, one can always include one or more zkLogin signers inside a Multisig wallet for additional security, such as using the zkLogin part as 2FA in k-of-N settings.

> ## Does losing my OAuth credential mean the loss of funds in the zkLogin wallet?

Reviewer: I would suggest reframing this into two separate questions?

- If my OAuth account is compromised, what happens to my zkLogin address?
- If I lose access to my OAuth account, do I lose access to my zkLogin address?

## Is a zkLogin Wallet custodial?

A zkLogin wallet is a non-custodial or unhosted wallet.

A custodial or hosted wallet is where a third party (the custodian) controls the private keys on behalf of a wallet user. No such third-party exists for zkLogin wallets.

Instead, a zkLogin wallet can be viewed as a 2-out-of-2 Multisig where the two credentials are the user's OAuth credentials (maintained by the user) and the salt. In other words, neither the OAuth provider, the wallet vendor, the ZK proving service or the salt service provider is a custodian.

## Generating a ZK proof is expensive, is a new proof required to be generated for every transaction?

No. Proof generation is only required when ephemeral KeyPair expires. Since the nonce is defined by the ephemeral public key (`eph_pk`) and expiry (`max_epoch`), the ZK proof is valid until what the expiry is committed to nonce in the JWT token. The ZK proof can be cached and the same ephemeral key can be used to sign transactions till it expires.

## Does zkLogin work on mobile?

> zkLogin is a a Sui native primitive and not a privilege of a particular wallet provider, and thus it can be integrated to any wallet provider, including mobile wallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zkLogin is a Sui native primitive and not a feature of a particular application or wallet. It can be used by any Sui developer, application, or wallet.
```
